Fix - Update SDK docs (#1047)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: next/docs/iota-sdk/docs/how-tos/client/get-health.mdx

<AccountClient />

## Code Example

<Tabs groupId="language" queryString>
<TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">

The following code example will:

1. Create a [`Client`](https://docs.rs/iota-sdk/latest/iota_sdk/client/core/struct.Client.html) that will connect to the
node defined in your `.env` file's `NODE_URL` variable.

> 2. Use the created client to get the health of the specified url using the
> [`Client.get_health()`](https://docs.rs/iota-sdk/latest/iota_sdk/client/core/struct.Client.html#method.get_health)
> function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the created client to [get the health](https://docs.rs/iota-sdk/latest/iota_sdk/client/core/struct.Client.html#method.get_health) of the node.
```

Reviewer: More instances below
